coming into the late night, I'm just writing to try and take it all down
as accurately as possible. so we meet, exchange an absurdity of pleasantries.
I ask her how she's feeling to which she responds nothing particularly 
interesting. Happy, I think she said. Things were going well.
I always doubt whether she's being false just to appear tough and composed.
I suppose I should trust her.
I don't know how we fall into the conversation we meant to have,
but it was with quite a bit of reluctance.
At some point we discuss how she is upset with me over all the various things
I've said. I express doubt regarding that as the true source of the dispute.
I probably should not have been so doubtful.
I don't really offer an apology. Instead I weave some tale as to how those
statements derive from a greater conflict. We end up going into that.
She tells me how she didn't give a fuck. How it didn't matter. Essentially
construing my role in her life back then in a pretty disappointing term.
I remember feeling like my subjecthood was removed from the way she was telling
the story. I say something about how we choose to write our stories in
whatever way, and she says she can't. This was pretty killer. I think because
it felt invalidating. As if to say that part of my life would have better not
existed. I know now that it's really her problem how she chooses to see it.
I can invest meaning into whatever I want. But it still disappoints me.
I forgot to mention early on in the conversation. She asks something like, how
do you see this working out? and I respond that I think we can be friends. I
mention how we've gotten along before and that it's not impossible. She's
generally unwilling. Says it's impossible. Says she just doesn't like me. That
even outside of all that happened she still would not like me. This may be true,
could also be more posturing. I make a case for trying. She is having it two ways,
willing to try to be civil and polite but not anything more. I know that the
superficial civility doesn't really matter to me. I would rather not even fake
it than pretend. 

I definitely never dealt with my feelings coming out of my time with her. Not
that it was ever given a propper end anyway. I think I would have liked to have
had some distance. That was made doubly impossible. I did live with her. It's
absurd actually that I'm just processing it now. But the retardation must have
been contingent on all those things.

If I had known it would be like this... I don't know what I would have done.
It's definitely not easy. I think that she was generally pretty terrible to me.
I think my reaction, just jumping ship and later the verbal vitrol, is pretty
understandable, not commendable. It kills me that I don't have anyone to tell
me that I'm right. To validate that. To say yes, it was not okay. She told me
today it was unfair. But it didn't seem right. It didn't matter. It doesn't do
anything.

I want to forgive. Not just for me, but yes for me. I want to be able to let 
it go, to not care. I wish I didn't care at all. I wish it didn't matter to me.
I've been pretending for so long, lying to myself that I didn't care. Because I
resent that. I resent that I even feel anything.

It's so hard to forgive. It seems impossible. It seems unfair. 

And who is there for me? Who will tell me it's okay?
